hipster.co and meettheipsums.com
Heart attack never stopped old big bear! First I blow him, then I poke him. Bob Loblaw Lobs Law Bomb. No! These are just strippers! Look how hot they are! A group of British builders operating outside the O.C. I've used one adjective to describe myself. What is it? The Man Inside Me seems well reviewed. There are very few intelligent, attractive and straight men in this town. Well, that certainly leaves me out. 

Hola, is Rosa still alive? No? Well this is not my day. First I blow him, then I poke him. Yes, she happens to be more experienced than a normal girl, but sometimes love should be… terrifying. How do you know Steve Holt? Are you in AA? I'M A MONSTER!! [climbing under trampoline] This shall keep me safe from the hot Mexican sun. 

They don't allow you to have bees in here. Waiting for the Emmys. BTW did you know won 6 Emmys and was still canceled early by Fox? COME ON. We all need to pick a day to try and make trend. And don't make the water too hot. The scabs come right off. WHY was this show cancelled? I mean, COME ON. If this were a Lifetime Moment of Truth movie, this would be our act break.  But it wasn't. I spent so much time making sweet love on my wife that it's hard to hear anything over the clatter of her breasts. I thought the two of us could talk man-on-man. 

What do you expect, Mother? I'm half machine! I'm a monster!! I am having a love affair with this ice cream sandwich. Chickens don't clap! This is not me encouraging you to go here and write a review. No. Oh by the way, Doctor said no kissing her on the face for one week. I was like make it two weeks, see if I care! Stack the chafing dishes outside by the mailbox. I'm on the job. Hey, maybe you could pop a tent outside with your cousin Maeby… it'd be a good chance to rub off on her. 

I will be a bigger and hairier mole than the one on your inner left thigh! You might enjoy this.  Oh. Em. Gee. That's amazing. 

It's OUR nausea. Are you at all concerned about an uprising? Also, your knee is on my heart. And THAT'S why you always leave a note. And THAT'S why you always leave a note. Of course. The "Bob Loblaw Law Blog." Wow. You, sir, are a mouthful! What is she doing at a beauty pageant? Is she running the lights or something? Yeah, I invited her. You said you wanted to spend time some with her. You said I was being an Ann hog. 

I'm sure Egg is a great person. I know, I just call her Annabelle cause she's shaped like a… she's the belle of the ball! This objectification of women has to stop. It's just Mom and whores. The Man Inside Me seems well reviewed. Okay, Lindsay, are you forgetting that I was a professional twice over - an analyst and a therapist. The world's first analrapist. 

I will pack your sweet pink mouth with so much ice cream you'll be the envy of every Jerry and Jane on the block! Look at us, crying like a bunch of girls on the last day of camp. One for the ladies. 

I've made a huge tiny mistake. Buster's in what we like to call a light to no coma. In laymans terms, it might be considered a very heavy nap. I'll buy you a hundred George Michaels that you can teach to drive! The only person that gets Lucille this excited is Gene. 

[climbing under trampoline] This shall keep me safe from the hot Mexican sun. It just seems like there's still light coming in from under the door. Those are balls. Please refrain from discussing or engaging in any sort of interoffice [bleep] or [bleep] or finger[bleep] or [bleep]sting or [bleep] or even [bleep]. So Ann, the question is, do you want a man or a boy? I know how I would answer. Okay, Lindsay, are you forgetting that I was a professional twice over - an analyst and a therapist. The world's first analrapist. So did you see the new Poof? His name's Gary and we don't need anymore lawsuits. 

